1. Because the employees negotiated the technical contract would be changed very soon.
1. Because the employees negotiated, the technical contract would be changed very soon.
2. Because the diplomats negotiated the unpopular treaty would be altered at the conference.
2. Because the diplomats negotiated, the unpopular treaty would be altered at the conference.
3. After the woman polished the valuable trophy had to be returned to the committee.
3. After the woman polished, the valuable trophy had to be returned to the committee.
4. After the man polished the enormous car looked more expensive than before.
4. After the man polished, the enormous car looked more expensive than before.
5. Whenever the old man scratched the angry nurse had complained to the doctor.
5. Whenever the old man scratched, the angry nurse had complained to the doctor.
6. Before the traveller packed the loud clock had woken everybody up in the youth hostel.
6. Before the traveller packed, the loud clock had woken everybody up in the youth hostel.
7. Hours after the journalist typed the sensational story would be published on the front page.
7. Hours after the journalist, typed the sensational story would be published on the front page.
8. After the construction worker built the rickety walls fell down in a heap.
8. After the construction worker built, the rickety walls fell down in a heap.
9. While the apprentice painted the rusty bicycle was standing in the garage.
9. While the apprentice painted, the rusty bicycle was standing in the garage.
10. However much the committee debated the complex issue would cause a problem at the meeting.
10. However much the committee debated, the complex issue would cause a problem at the meeting.
11. Although the army lost the expensive medical supplies saved many lives during the conflict.
11. Although the army lost, the expensive medical supplies saved many lives during the conflict.
12. If the Tory candidate lost the secret documents could be very useful to the press.
12. If the Tory candidate lost, the secret documents could be very useful to the press.
13. Before the accountants investigated the impressive results had appeared in the report.
13. Before the accountants investigated, the impressive results had appeared in the report.
14. Before the lawyers investigated the controversial proposals would be sent for approval.
14. Before the lawyers investigated, the controversial proposals would be sent for approval.
15. Because the football manager watched the skillful player tried to show off all the time.
15. Because the football manager watched, the skillful player tried to show off all the time.
16. Because the theatre director watched the young actor got stage fright very badly.
16. Because the theatre director watched, the young actor got stage fright very badly.
17. While the woman knitted the fluffy sweater changed shape quite badly.
17. While the woman knitted, the fluffy sweater changed shape quite badly.
18. Because the children knitted the woollen socks were the wrong colour for school.
18. Because the children knitted, the woollen socks were the wrong colour for school.
19. When the coach party visited the famous palace was being restored very carefully.
19. When the coach party visited, the famous palace was being restored very carefully.
20. Before the woman visited the famous doctor had been drinking quite a lot.
20. Before the woman visited, the famous doctor had been drinking quite a lot.
21. While the market researcher questioned the clever assistant worked very hard on the project.
21. While the market researcher questioned, the clever assistant worked very hard on the project.
22. Before the lawyer questioned the young witness had been successful in convincing the jury.
22. Before the lawyer questioned, the young witness had been successful in convincing the jury.
23. Before the knights attacked the ancient castle had been defended very heavily.
23. Before the knights attacked, the ancient castle had been defended very heavily.
24. Before the fighter pilots attacked the camouflaged airfield was evacuated very quickly.
24. Before the fighter pilots attacked, the camouflaged airfield was evacuated very quickly.
25. Before the soldiers invaded the industrial town had been flattened in the bombing raid.
25. Before the soldiers invaded, the industrial town had been flattened in the bombing raid.
26. Before the policemen invaded the remote peace camp had been filmed by the BBC.
26. Before the policemen invaded, the remote peace camp had been filmed by the BBC.
27. Before the publisher edited the controversial manuscript had been reviewed by a professor.
27. Before the publisher edited, the controversial manuscript had been reviewed by a professor.
28. Even after the fashion writer edited the famous magazine was having trouble with its finances.
28. Even after the fashion writer edited, the famous magazine was having trouble with its finances.
29. Before the archaeologist washed the valuable coins had gone missing from the site.
29. Before the archaeologist washed, the valuable coins had gone missing from the site.
30. Whenever the male stripper washed his oily chest felt uncomfortable in the heat.
30. Whenever the male stripper washed, his oily chest felt uncomfortable in the heat.
31. While the journalist followed the corrupt politician received some payments from the millionaire.
31. While the journalist followed, the corrupt politician received some payments from the millionaire.
32. After the secretary typed the incriminating report would be distributed to many people.
32. After the secretary typed, the incriminating report would be distributed to many people.
